This is the young girl of the Bai family
Yes!
Teach him a lesson.
Yes, yes.
Although Blue Hand has a grudge
Then the girls look clean
I didn't expect my private life to be so chaotic
Bai Yuyao, you really don't cry when you see the coffin
OK
And I want you to look at the screen.
This song was played in March this year
Due to its several upward proportions
Has been included in music textbooks
The new textbook has been printed
It's coming out in September.
Before that
This is indeed the music education of the year
Bai Muyao
How dare you defy the National Piano Competition
blatant plagiarism
I announce the cancellation of all your prizes
In addition
As a representative of the Piano Association
Reject the anxiety of your life
Without the permission of the author
Personal interest in the eyes
Flirting with other people's works
You said it was already clear
Will be reacted
The doctor will see you soon.
I'm sorry. I apologize. I was wrong.
Yaoyao
Yaoyao Yaoyao
Xiao Yang, do you want to piss me off?
Mom, why are you here?
How many times have you said that?
Let you break up with that dead girl
You just wouldn't listen?
You even came here?
You say that white curtain shake is not worthy of your love at all
If you marry her
You will be laughed at for a lifetime
Lizhen, you are right not to recognize this daughter-in-law
He actually plagiarized at the national competition
It's a disgrace to be thrown into the Pacific Ocean
It's Baijia
The girl who was taken away before was pretty good
Very talented
And he's still a long-lost young man down there
If this lamb marries him
Crops will take off later